it would be nice syrup for both probably
the pros and the community itself that
the patches are less frequent and don't
have that many big changes such in a
short period of time it's the fourth
week of na LCS we're near the end of it
I'm joined right now by Bob frost after
seal Gees - oh weekend coverage
presented by Omni slash talked a little
bit about that and something else which
we'll get to in a second but first off
bio for us okay so you guys went to oh
pretty good weekend for you and I I'm
trying to think have you gone to oh the
rest at some other point in time the
split uh not this place so far I think
lastly we went to a once and then we
went on a six-game losing streak yeah
okay well that's a bad sign maybe maybe
it would have been better for you if
you've gone one-one no I think it's five
that we went to this week so you went to
Oh what and now you guys are tied for
first place with like three other teams
so it's not just excite but you're tied
for first place which is way better than
last split so what's going on behind the
scenes that led you to this place
if you is weird to be tied for first
place when you're a five and three I
think
LCS is just so close right now and for
the most part we've been doing the same
things like we haven't had actually the
best results in scrims
so we're trying to improve on that and
we've been screaming a lot more trying
to do triple blocks and we had the
facility now as well and the meta is
just so weird because there's just so
many things that you have to play and
you just have to spam screens in order
to get the quantity there because if you
only scrim two blocks is actually kind
of impossible to like figure out the
better yeah okay so all the triple but I
mean that kind of leads into a
conversation that Peter was striking up
last week where he was saying like the
game is just patching too frequently he
would like to see a patch less
frequently what do you think of that
argument I mainly agree because as a pro
player I mean even as a player that
plays probably casually they don't want
to see changes that come every like a
couple weeks that really changed the
game like with gold funneling as well as
all these majors bottom you've been with
the bruisers it's just such a different
game and you
want to come back every like a couple
weeks and then come back to a game
that's completely different
I like that Riya is making the game more
like welcoming for a lot of different
champions in the bot lane as well as
like new strategies are arising such as
the gold funneling but it would be nice
syrup for both probably the pros and the
community itself that the patches are
less frequent and don't have that many
big changes such in a short period of
time okay I we were talking a little bit
before this so I requested a sneaky
interview yesterday because you know
he's back in action figured that would
be a good interview for the channel
unfortunately I was - I was declined
that interview and they gave it to some
other outlets and then I requested again
today but unfortunately I was told he's
too busy so I still need to get these
answers out there because everybody's
gonna be asking about them so because
you know you just played them I didn't
get the interview I need you to act as
if you're stinky I'm gonna ask you the
questions I would have asked him welcome
to my butthole yes okay good that's a
good start that's a good start we're
already there so first off sneaky you
didn't play for like I don't know
however many weeks is crazy everybody's
wondering what's going on what was that
like for you I was a streaming and I
mean I was just kind of having fun in
Academy like we're playing a lot of
funnel and kind of doing some cosplay in
the mean time as well as going to anime
expose a lot of fun were you worried at
any point in time that you like wouldn't
play at all this split I mean I'm not
really that concerned because I have my
streaming career as well as my cosplay
career but I do really like playing
competitive so it's nice to be back on
Cena okay how do you feel about your
cosplay career is that is that taking
off really for you I mean I've had some
really good ones and for the most part I
think the community has been pretty
accepting of it they look insane I have
noticed that for the most part you tend
to do gender bend cosplays maybe you can
explain to me what it is about gender
bend cosplays that you have been
enjoying like why do you sneaky do a lot
of genderbent cosplaying
it's probably because I look hot when I
do them oh because you look hot yeah
okay cool so that's that's your thing
yeah that it's pretty much my thing okay
very good well it's good to have you
back sneaky final question do you think
that c9 is going to be able to pull it
off and make it to playoffs given the
fact that like you guys can only lose a
couple games and obviously just had the
loss against CLG uh it's gonna be pretty
hard since we're last place but I'm sure
that we'll be able to get there okay oh
and one last one what was it like
playing against CLG bot lane I mean see
all these bombings pretty bad honestly I
should I don't think you just whip his
hair a lot and go like I don't know like
it was okay you know yeah they're fine I
guess they're fine I guess yeah that's a
good answer
okay all right back to bio frost what
what is gonna happen with CLG like for
it you know you guys are our first place
can you maintain it that'd be ideal I
think where there's still so much to
learn like the meta since it's so like
constantly changing there's like so many
things that you can do with it
hopefully there's not like another
patchak considerably changed in meta but
I would like to see like gold Foley and
be removed but yeah we're just kind of
taking things one step at a time it's
weird because you guys want patches but
you don't want patches right like you
don't want gold funneling in well I
assume if they remove gold funneling
it'll change the balance of power
between some of the other champions yeah
pretty much but I think that even though
pros don't want like some changes right
now they would still be happy to see
gold finally be removed but don't want
that change like well other things be
affected because this is kind of like a
domino effect yeah things will
definitely change like when ad carry's
got nerfed like I'm pretty sure bruisers
and some of the other mages we're
already probably viable but people took
that as an opportunity to try out
different things and it might be the
same thing with the gold funneling but I
think will be a to a lesser extent
because people will probably just have
different priorities on certain picks
and there was one other topic that Oh
darshan says he wants to get a solution
in place so that na players can have
better practice Silla Q style right like
whether that's playing on this
tournament realm where you don't have to
worry about the ping or just having what
do you think of all that stuff marks he
went on a rant today did you see that I
didn't see that I heard about it or he's
like players are lazy or at least he
said people say players are lazy and
they're just having cop-outs for
practicing on the tournament realm I
never wrote pole-vaulter yesterday he
went on like a big rant that kind of
like contradicts mark but I know what
your take is on the lab so actually we
tried that before we tried to have in
houses on the tournament client like a
year ago and I think Soren and it's
special we're like part of organizing
that it was just very hard to get it set
up and it also didn't feel I was
rewarding because in comparison to Civic
you you can't stream and you also can't
there's no like eloah and there's just
weren't enough players usually that wide
to play whereas if you set up a private
server done by riot and you have like
matchmaking you have like a yellow set
in place then it might be more
incentivizing as well as players can
also stream on it I think China also has
a server where they have like a private
server that's just dedicated for like d1
and up or like pro players usually so it
would be helpful for us because the ping
would be a big difference if they do
anything you want to say to any of the
fans out there uh well the c9 game was a
big heart attack but I guess that's
nothing really new for CLG
thank you for all the support and
hopefully we had another tour next
weekend thank you so much for the
interview vincent for everyone else you
can check out the rest of my coverage of
all things esports right here on my
youtube channel hey hope you enjoyed
that interview I certainly did I I'm
actually gonna re-watch it several
several several times after this anyway
my point is I want to say thanks to Omni
slash for supporting this content and
also wanted to mention something to you
if you're running adblock on this
YouTube channel right now that's sad but
I've got away at what you do make me
happy if you have Amazon Prime
you can get twitch Prime you just link
your Amazon primary twitch account you
can link
the twitch link in the YouTube
description and give me your free
Twitter Prime that's actually kind of
cool anyway thanks again Omni slash
thanks for watching that's it